Thanks for all the work so far!
Websites to look at: www.umojapartnership.org and www.international-neighbors.com 
What I like about Umoja website – opening page pops with color with huge photo of kids; different typestyles used; the name, Umoja Partnership, also pops out
On International-neighbors website, again, it opens with a picture of kids; I like their use of color and the way they have put pictures into color boxes 

Revisions for template:
Change Header at the top of the page to be: Sisterherd Strong, Herd Initiatives, Meet the Herd, Help Us Make Tracks, Herd Chronicles…these are the titles of the sections that I want and in that order….thus, delete About, Initiatives, Our Impact, Contact, and Gallery.  I don’t want all the pictures in one place but rather spaced out through the website.
Turn the logo into the donate button…it can be a round button with Donate Now somehow placed either around the logo or on the elephant’s head.  
On opening page where you have welcome to our sisterhood, place those words over a photo of the girls…delete Learn more button; change donate button as suggested and put it at end of each section.  This looks like all we want is money; not to tell our story…typefaces on that page are all the same…mix it up..look at the other websites I sent….I don’t like the way Our Mission is off to the side….first have our vision; then Our mission….Please use wording that I have below in red…could use pictures here or separate Vision and Misson with different colored boxes. 
Delete Our Impact Section…we haven’t made an impact yet as we are just getting started…that can be added somehow as we go along
Herd Initiatives – use copy that I have below in blue…it tells a story and I want it in story form…it may be too wordy but I don’t want it broken up in boxes as it is here.  Put pictures in to tell the story…
Meet the Herd….please use my wording below in purple for the Introduction of the Board…again, it is telling a story.  Leave 9 spaces for info about the Board Members…I will try to shorten that up and I want to get informal pictures of all of us
Delete Community Voices…we don’t have any yet but when we get them I will add them under Herd Chronicles
Delete Our Herd Needs you and add Help Us Make Tracks and use copy that I have below in orange. 
Add Herd Chronicles…I will send a video as well as a pod cast to go here.
Get rid of our Partners and the Gallery.  Pictures to be used through website and partners will be acknowledge at the end where we have contact info.
As for colors: Maybe crimson red and forest green with black, beige, and elephant gray for accents?…can you run a color palette or send me samples of colors?



Header for this section: SISTERHERD STRONG (all headers go in Tool bar at top of each page)
E3 Kenya
Encourage, Engage, Empower
Building a Future Where Kenyan Women and Girls Lead the Way
Our Vision: A Kenya Where Every Woman and Girl Has the Opportunity to Make Her Own Decisions
At E3 we believe in a world where every Kenyan girl and woman is empowered to be an active participant in shaping her own life and community. We don’t just bring solutions; we work hand-in-hand with local women and girls to develop sustainable programs that reflect their needs and aspirations.
Our Mission: To Encourage, Engage, and Empower Kenyan Girls and Women through dialogue and community-inspired projects, increasing the number of those who become active participants in their own decision-making.  
Whether it’s through education, mentorship, or creating income-generating programs, we are committed to engaging with and empowering Kenyan girls and women as they seek greater freedoms and opportunities in their communities.  
Header for this section: HERD INITIATIVES
During the summer of 2024, we embarked on an inspiring initiative in partnership with MWEGO, a women’s empowerment group in Maasai Mara, to produce reusable, eco-friendly menstrual pads here in the United States and distribute the pads to adolescent girls in in six schools in the Mara.  Named by the local Maasai girls, the Osiligi Pad Project (Osiligi is the Maa word for hope) aims to provide girls with sanitary products and seeks to instruct girls and women how to make the pads, ultimately creating a self-sustaining program that meets a critical community need and also provides an opportunity for the girls and women to learn a valuable, income-producing skill.  
In October 2024, an E3 team traveled to the Mara with 2500 reusable menstrual pads and 5 small, portable sewing machines.  During a three-day training session, our Sisterherd Strong team engaged with 25 women and 10 adolescent girls as they traced and cut out pad patterns and practiced sewing skills. At the end of the training session the 2500 pads were distributed to 5 area representatives for distribution in the local schools. Plans are underway for a team to return in June 2025 for another, more in-depth training session.
And this is just the beginning.  A Sisterherd Strong board member has distributed 300 pads in western Kenya and we are working with colleagues to deliver over 500 pads in two locations in Nairobi.  Once follow-up evaluations from our initial distribution are completed, the Sisterherd Strong Pad Project will be expanded to encompass more adolescent girls.  At the same time, we encourage and welcome other projects that further our vision and our mission.
Header for this section: MEET THE HERD

Our Sisterherd Strong Board of Directors

At the heart of our mission to encourage, engage, and empower Kenyan girls and women is a diverse and dedicated Board of Directors who bring a wealth of experience, expertise, and passion, providing strategic leadership while ensuring that all programs align with our vision and mission. This Sisterherd transcends international borders, including women from the United States and Kenya, all of whom represent various sectors of the community, including education, public health, business, and philanthropy.  As advocates for our Sisterherd, they offer invaluable insights, connections, and support that strengthen our impact.  Together, we pledge to work hand-in-hand with Kenyan girls and women as their louding voices emerge. 

Salome Aluso holds a Bachelor’s degree in Education (Arts) from the University of Nairobi, a Master's degree in Applied Linguistics from Ohio University, and is currently completing her PhD in Higher Education Administration & Student Affairs at Ohio University. As a former Fulbright scholarship recipient, she has taught Swahili at both the high school and college levels, and has gained significant experience in curriculum design, classroom teaching, and management.
Salome’s extensive background in higher education administration includes successful grant writing to fund various college programs (Swahili STARTALK at Ohio University and Summer Bridge Program at Ohio Wesleyan University), as well as expertise in data analysis and interpretation to identify needs, trends and implement programming. In her previous role as an Assistant Director for Multicultural Student Affairs at Ohio Wesleyan University, she provided invaluable support, advice, and advocacy for students from underrepresented and marginalized backgrounds.
Currently based in Kenya, Salome is volunteering with community organizations that focus on youth and girls/women empowerment while she completes her doctoral dissertation.
Bridging data, psychology, and community empowerment, Jennie Chen has extensive expertise in social marketing, data analysis, data products, and community engagement. She holds a Doctorate and Masters in Social Psychology from Texas A&M University and a Bachelor’s in Psychology from The University of Texas - Austin. 

Jennie excels in leveraging digital data to enhance content strategies, understand audience behavior, and build thriving community cultures. She has worked with brands such as Amazon, Walmart, Target, ExactTarget, and The Home Depot to solve business problems and create thriving online communities guided by data insight. Her career is a testament to her ability to integrate data-driven insights with a genuine commitment to fostering community growth and education, inspiring and driving positive change across diverse fields.

Beyond her professional achievements, Jennie is dedicated to community and food advocacy. She founded Keep Austin Dog Friendly, which expanded into a community hub and iPhone app. Her food blog and her involvement with the Austin Food Blogger Alliance highlight her commitment to culinary arts and local engagement. Jennie has also led impactful events such as the Cupcake Smackdown and interactive food experiences for TEDxAustin, underscoring her passion for building community connections through innovative and meaningful experiences.

Susan Kavaya is currently pursuing a PHD in public health at Indiana University- Bloomington. She specializes in Health Behavior and specifically adolescent health. Her areas of interest are in adolescent sexual and reproductive health issues such as teen pregnancy prevention, contraceptive use, HIV and other STIs. Susan also holds two masters’ degrees from Indiana University Bloomington - a Master of Arts degree in African studies and a Master of Science degree in School and College Health Education. In addition, she holds a bachelor's degree in Education from the University of Nairobi.

Born and raised in Kenya, Susan has worked extensively with adolescents/young people in various capacities including as a teacher at the high school level, a peer educator and as a researcher. She also has experience at the university level, teaching courses in public health and Kiswahili. In 2013, she had the privilege of teaching and studying at Yale University through the Fulbright Foreign Language Teaching Assistantship. Currently, she is completing her dissertation research that focuses on female adolescents in Kenya and the intersections between gender-based violence, adolescent sexual risk behaviors and HIV risk.


Rhinah Ondiso was also born and raised in Kenya born in Vihiga County, Ikumu Village in Western Kenya. In 2003, when her single mother couldn’t raise tuition for university, Rhinah received help from the Kijana Educational Empowerment initiative, in West Palm Beach, Florida and became the first girl from Ebusiloli Secondary School to join the University of Nairobi on a government-subsidized program where she studied Linguistics and Literature. 

After beginning her university studies at the University of Nairobi, she applied to Zawadi Africa and was awarded a scholarship to study in the United States at Arkansas Baptist College in Little Rock Arkansas in the fall of 2008. In addition to attaining a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Rhinah holds an MBA from Lynn University, in Boca Raton, FL, and a Master of Science in Project Management from Harrisburg University of Science and Technology. She currently resides in Massachusetts and works as a Software Business Analyst/Project Manager for an insurance and annuities company based in the greater Boston area.


With expertise in marketing and and communications, Vicki Seiler-Cushman is currently an entrepreneur for a small family-owned business, serving as Vice President of JV Cedar Properties and the co-owner of Glazed Donut Eatery Beavercreek along with her husband.  Previously, she studied at the University of Phoenix with a major in Communications. Vicki worked in Marketing and Communications at Proctor and Gamble as a specialist for the Iams and Eukanuba dog food brands. Later, she joined Mars, Inc. where on the Royal Canin brand in Strategy and Planning. 

She has an extensive background in purebred dogs, since the age of 12 showing her mother’s Siberian Huskies. She went on to becoming a professional handler winning two prestigious awards, Top New Professional and Female Handler of the Year. 
In 2016 Vicki began her judging career and now is approved to judge more than 100 breeds for the AKC. Vicki is the President of the Dayton Kennel Club, Chairman of Judges Education for the Doberman Pinscher Club of America and on the Judges Education for the Boston Terrier Club of America committee. 

Jacquie Smith is a graduate of Purdue University with a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering. She also holds a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Pittsburgh and attended Carnegie Mellon University’s Negotiation and Leadership Academy for Women. Jacquie has spent her entire career in the electric utility industry in various engineering, compliance and leadership roles. 

For more than 20 years, she has served as an advocate for individuals with developmental disabilities as a board member of the East Suburban Citizen Advocacy, an organization which builds inclusive opportunities and provides advocacy free of charge. The organization’s vision of a community in which all people are appreciated and accepted without question and where dignity and equality are unconditionally enjoyed resonates strongly with Jacquie.



Header for this Section: HELP US MAKE TRACKS

Gifts to the Sisterherd

Each tier of giving ties into the vital roles and characteristics of female elephants, from their protective nature to their legacy of strength and unity that make a powerful connection to E3’s vision and mission.  Currently, these tiers are tied to our inaugural initiative, the Sisterherd Strong Pad Project, is distributing reusable menstrual pads to as many Kenyan girls and women as possible while also providing a valuable skill in sewing. There are no administrative costs.  All donations are funneled directly into Herd projects. 

Herd Hands – Reflecting the way elephants lift and support each other with their trunks, these are the volunteers who amplify the Sisterherd mission through their selfless actions.

Tiny Tusks – Symbolizing young elephants, just beginning their journey, full of potential and hope. (Donations from $10 up to $99 buy fabric, thread, scissors and other supplies to make the pads; $15 supports one 4-pad package given to each girl).

Footprint Friends – Representing the deep footprints that elephants make, leaving lasting impressions in the ground for others to follow. (Donations from $100 up to $999  make a substantial contribution towards purchasing sewing machines for each project; 1 sewing machine and transportation of machine(s) to location costs between $250-$500).

Watering Hole Allies – Standing for those who sustain the Herd through their deep sense of connection, community, and shared purpose. (Donations from $1000-$4999 are instrumental for organizing and carrying out a multiple-day training session for women and girls, ensuring that there are at least 2 sewing  machines on site).

Savanna Stewards – Exemplifying those who leave a lasting legacy of care and stewardship for others who follow us in our journey. (Donations from $5,000-$9,999 assure training sessions at multiple locations with at least 5 machines available at each location). 

Magnanimous Matriarchs - Embodying our heart and soul, these are the ultimate caretakers of the herd, protecting our survival and spreading awareness and support. (Donations from $10,000 solidify our impact as we seek to reach more girls and women throughout Kenya, creating our visionary world where every Kenyan girl and woman has the opportunity to make her own decisions. Amid this forward-looking environment, we imagine a Herd Hub where girls and women come together to encourage, engage, and empower each other through community-inspired programs and projects).




[9:47 am, 08/01/2025] caro: Carole, thanks so much for sending!  I think it is a great start but from my perspective, I want more warmth, color, and pictures throughout. So many people have told me that what we are doing is special and I want the website to be special.  This could be anyone’s website and we are not anyone…we are E3 Kenya with this wonderful mission and a wonderful story to tell.  We are a story…not a series of facts.  I sent specific headings that I wanted to use and some of them have been used which is great but I want the whole website to convey the HERD idea….now that I have something to go on I can give you a more detailed description and I will even look for a website that I like and send you the link.  As a start, I so appreciate all that has been done and know w…
[9:47 am, 08/01/2025] caro: Carole, so it has taken me all day to gather my thoughts😂to be able to better explain my thoughts about the template!  You see, E3 Kenya is not a template non-profit as we here want to get involved with you all there (unlike most non-profits that just send money and things) and the lives impacted cannot be counted…this project has kept my dearest friend going through brain cancer treatments as her whole family has helped make pads.  It has opened people’s eyes and minds to another culture (both sides).  I could go on and on but simply put E3 just does not fit a template.  We have our own story and we want to tell it in our own way!  Please share this with the designer as well as the document I sent!  I, in no way, am complaining about the work done…I applaud it!  Now we just need to make the website as beautiful as the story!❤️❤️❤️